
[1]

	Javascript
	
1.	Javascript is a programming language that is used for writing scripts on the website.     
2.	Javascript can only be run in the browsers.                                                  	
3.	It is basically used on the client-side.                                                   
4.	Javascript is capable enough to add HTML and play with the DOM.                            	
5.	Javascript can run in any browser engine as like JS core in safari and Spidermonkey in Firefox.		            6.	Some of the javascript frameworks are RamdaJS, TypedJS, etc.                                 	
	  


        Node JS

1.      Nodejs is written in C, C++ and Javascript.
2.	NodeJS code can be run outside the browser.
3.      It is mostly used on the server-side.
4.      Nodejs does not have capability to add HTML tags.
5.	Nodejs can only run in V8 engine of google chrome.
6.      Some of the Nodejs modules are Lodash, express etc. These modules are to be imported from npm.



[2]     typeof(1)
        "number"
        typeof(1.1)
        "number"
        typeof('1.1')
        "string"
        typeof(true)
        "boolean"
        typeof(null)
        "object"
        typeof(undefined)
        "undefined"
        typeof([])
        "object"
        typeof({})
        "object"
        typeof(NaN)
        "number"

[3]     How does browser render a website
        

        1.We parse our Html and CSS that creates a DOM tree
        2.DOM tree then converted to a Render tree
        3.Html and CSS combined have four trees
        4.Four Trees - Layers,Line Boxes,Render Objects,Render Styles
        5.Layout will compute the elements to the page and then taking account all the CSS then painting will produce an           image which will be expecting on the page

[4]     Is it nessesary to write head ,body and html tags?

        1.If we didnt write these tags ,during parsing it will insert the tags for you
        
        
























